Wait a minute.
What's going on, dad?
They insulted me.
And took that diamond ring
And there's this thing
Misunderstanding
I'll give it to you right now.
Yeah, yeah.
This is what we are
It's for you.
This kind of thing
I still don't like it
I declare
Huaxin Chamber of Commerce cancels cooperation with Cao family
President Wang, can't you do this?
We we know wrong
Please forgive us next time.
We won't dare next time.
I remember saying the same thing to Qinggao
I'll tell you what.
My son
Not everyone can be bullied
You villain
It's all a good thing you did
You ruined our Cao family
Damn you, dad
Why blame me
Because you're involved, you shut up.
Go quickly
This kid has such a big background
Why didn't you tell me earlier?
I said it before.
You don't believe me
Hello.
My name is Wan Yue
I'm glad for your support.
I also thank President Wan for trusting me
I will try my best. Okay.